c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.Form1.resources
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.signupform.resources
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.exe.config
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.exe
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.pdb
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.exe
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.pdb
c:\users\azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.adm.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.author.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.del.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.Update.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.vieww.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.loginforma.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.loginformp.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.loginformv.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.loginformadm.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.publisherr.resources
C:\Users\Azab\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp6\WindowsFormsApp6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp6.seerequests.resources
